Oh liven up trees nice one nice set it
up shall we move back its 9:06 what a
story sorry we had the NHS clap yeah it
was a bit of a tight turnaround didn't
really give ourselves enough time but
hey kids how are you all doing guys I'm
really looking forward to this actually
because we don't get much social
interaction what I love lockdown do we
know the biggest rapper gonna box your
head isn't Carl's professional youtubers
okay so the idea of this session is you
guys can just send in your questions on
the chat and we'll answer them back shot
done one of these in eight months
no I was looking at our old one and you
know what we said we were like oh yeah
I'm good do another one of these really
soon to be felt we happily so we've been
living together so yeah as a quick hat
shop if you haven't met her before this
is my sister Lydia she's a couple of
years younger than me yeah yeah we have
this every time but no I have younger
also at university tell them a bit about
your background
go on where are you at uni I'm at UCL
studying human sciences I'm a first year
and now I'm not there anymore apparently
so yeah everything's changed hasn't it
for everyone you know we didn't see this
coming but we're both at home at the
moment we are living with our parents
our family home yes
yeah you know what no we should be lucky
because it's not it's not that bad yeah
like we've got places we can walk around
here yeah yeah yeah
like life is okay I'm busy studying
because I've got exams coming up Lydia
is busy doing a holo to nothing yeah do
you think it's a curse or do you think
it's a good thing like you haven't got
so much to do I think it's nice to have
some time line I think it's gonna be a
lot
time I have a long time in the future
just to kind of just relax so I think
after this it's gonna be University than
internships job applications and I think
it's gonna be a bit go-go-go so I'm
trying to enjoy the calm now yeah I make
the most of the calm before the storm
exactly okay so yeah send in your
questions and we will do our best to
answer them okay oh god they're going
too fast if I hold down I think it's
doesn't sit down oh yes okay will you do
two more alive studying yes I will
tomorrow morning I will be on it in the
morning yeah I'm changing to the morning
so I'm aware people are in different
time zones as well so I need to get
going tomorrow morning so a live study
with me will be I'll be asleep well
you're doing
how much did you study in secondary
school I was favourite teacher's pet you
know they don't want homework yeah I
think I actually studied war for GCSEs
and I did for a levels them definitely
more than I did this year at university
why I think I peaked
I picked a levels I so much it was till
the end well I didn't Rudy I did the
work I needed to do oh yeah but I didn't
properly like revise revise until
probably like February March third time
whereas like we've GCC's the whole of
like year 11 are so right huh
gotta get these guys I was gonna fail
but there's office people this year I
feel really bad for everyone this year
he's had their GCSE and a-level exams
cancelled I've seen like what they're
doing with grading I really hope that
most people get the grade they deserve
this year yeah so we're paying to have
to resit in a gap year as well yeah for
people from other countries disease and
a levels are in our country at least
what the school exams are for people who
are 16 and 18 yeah and yeah they're just
stanczyk sound you take then you move on
to university but they've been cancelled
this year you know I was watching um a
loose woman interview because that's
what I do my time now and they were
talking about how the fact that exams
have been cancelled this year does show
there's other ways to like test people
because we're very like test based in
this country I think in like America
like they do stuff throughout the year
to get their final grade and they're
saying should it be a discussion like
having less like tests off because I
tests aren't for everyone I actually
think that's almost better than having
it all on something at the end when you
know that someone could have a bad day
yeah final resting on that especially if
GCC's you've got like what 20 exams like
it's unlikely that all 20 of those
they're gonna go the way you want them
to go I had I had a day where I had like
three exams and if you look at my test
results like they were the free week is
papers that I sat and it says a lot oh
yeah one day and people at a level like
had like free papers in a day and we're
not isolation
bit like this actually I think this is
the weirdest study period I
ever had in my life I think you're doing
more or less work I'm far less
productive than I'd normally be the
thing is I'm not in the exam mindset at
the moment I was thinking back to last
year and I was really full on head down
and because everyone around me at
university was going to the library
every day I was working every day I I
was doing it too but I feel a bit
detached from it all
not being at university so yeah I also
think that at the same time you're often
doing more work than you think you're
doing because I look back as previous
years I think oh well I was working
because yeah I levels at the time I was
like being quite hard to myself because
yeah I'd like go meet my friend for a
coffee and come back feeling really
guilty I still be going to work I'm
actually just sitting around and then
doing a few hours of revision but I had
a bath of my time I was working harder
than I getting myself credit is so true
that's so true okay coffee or tea I have
started drinking tea this year's the
first year the university's changed me
all my friends at uni are obsessed with
me it's just like glorified hot water
[Laughter]
but because everyone else was drinking
it I was like I couldn't say no every
time someone offered me a cup of tea and
eventually I start drinking I actually
kind of liked it I liked chai tea that's
pretty good I do like a chai tea
actually yeah I do but coffee for the
wind okay these are going to be fast I'm
going to London uni what is your
experience going to a uni in central
London
any advice that's the idea that's me
what I got to say about living in London
it's a bit of a shock to the system but
I think you get that any uni um it's
expensive like I mean drink prices
shorts in one club I went to eight
pounds short didn't realise to the next
morning got it actually if that happened
to me I know I've saved so much money
lying suddenly all my normal university
expenses completely yeah expensive but
also I do love it because it's like
there's so much fast pace there's a lot
going
you can go like I was going to music Oh
year-round like I'm jealous of that you
came I did I did go visit her see yeah
we want to do more of that hopefully
when the theaters free I'm such a
musical lover I just want to go to
musicals at the moment I'm like this is
Hamilton most days and yeah and also we
were booked in to go see Harry Potter
and the cursed child July which is
something that I've wanted for years
you've been trying for ages to get a 40
every single week at uni and so did a
couple of my friends so I could try and
it tickets never won but then they
released some tickets I was so excited I
could page like jumping up and down
there I was I don't care I will make
that date work like it was I'd cancel a
holiday for it I was so excited it now
it looks like it's more happening it's
not that bad but yeah living in central
London it's cool but expensive yeah I
think yeah it depended a lot of young
people love the fast pace at London yeah
for sure I think you've got to be that
type of person though when when I I'm
very much maybe a smaller town kind of
person yeah Cambridge is just right for
me I mean it's you know it's a smaller
city I think it's given me a more
appreciation for like home now like when
I come home I appreciate how cool it is
and how it's nice to have so much
traffic and to walk around laughs yeah
siren so my friend who's at st. Andrews
said to me
yeah there's never any sirens I've had
one siren or time I was like yeah I hear
once are in a minute at least like I
sleep so well now though lot I don't
wake up in the night like traffic and
stuff like it's completely changed me
okay
do you play Animal Crossing yes we grew
up playing it and to feel we haven't
played as much as we'd hoped on the
switch no the thing is obviously I've
got exams coming up so I've kind of
stopped paying as much although I very
much love it a lot yeah see my problem
is is that you're the core player and
the way they have it is that only the
core player can like get nook's cranny
upgraders help
new stuff and I just could turn up strip
all the trees of fruit yeah it is such a
good game for this social distancing
period because it's like you're going to
go chat with all your neighbors an
animal crossing I've always loved
perfect isolation game yeah I really
want to get gold you back in our town
[Laughter]
okay people saying study tips ah I mean
I'm having to adapt at the moment
because I've got open book exams as I'm
sure a lot of people do at the moment
you know I almost think that's worse
yeah but well normally I think it was
worse because there's obviously really
high time pressure you don't really have
time to lose anyway but my exams
actually aren't being adapted so it
sounds weird but basically the
Department have said you're going to get
your normal papers but they'll be open
book so there still will be book work
elements in them so people could
technically copy out I guess but I they
said that's not in the spirit of exams
which I do get and maybe we won't have
time to flip for our books so that's
what I'd be worried about I'll be
worried about everyone else flicking
through their books so much faster than
me and getting the answer first and
getting it right like the one time like
I mean it wasn't actually an open
because I'm just a GCSE mock in like
year 10 with something and I hadn't
revised because I just couldn't bomb it
Bernie and um I'd use the textbook quite
a sign up onto the desks all the
computers computer science the little
computers blocking it and I call that
free mark so I'm thinking if I can't
pass while cheating clearly cheating
doesn't work very well for me so I
prefer to memorize it yeah
to be fair I think it's almost a more
realistic way of learning by doing
open book exams because in the real
world you don't have to yeah like you
just do you look up online like what is
that formula that is a good point as
well so maybe it's prepare you more for
the real thing
but then you see I had a lecture I don't
know what you make this but this is my
physiology lectures and people who don't
know we have lecture castorini well like
lectures get recorded then you can just
watch them whatever
the lecture is all hate except means
that people don't show up to their
lectures but I kind of used it as I
mainly went to lectures sometimes did a
bit mainly oh and and I'd like to watch
them back after this because I they talk
so fast I'd type for about 40 minutes
and I've like no next women sit here and
watch it back I can't think for that
long but the physiology lectures were
like yeah we don't use lecture cast
because we think in a business meeting
you wouldn't have that recording so you
should prepare for that but I'm thinking
in a business meeting people aren't
going to be talking about science I mean
it's quite different so yeah my opinion
with recording of lectures is that they
shouldn't release them immediately when
lectures are done because otherwise
people do just skip lectures but they
should make them available say a few
months after that would be a good
conscience because isn't access thing as
well like sometimes people just can't
make it to lectures for whatever reason
and it's also not very cool night but
also it's a really useful learning
resource like I when I look for lecture
notes sometimes I'm like what the hell
is going on here and I wish I could go
back in time and just hear my nectar
explainer especially the way they test
some of courses at my uni like some of
its like purely like question-answer
it's not like using your I want to say
brain or your brain you know when you
have to like interpret something you
know I would like you know it like an
a-level paper but you have a question
it's on a topic but you have to like I
don't know what the word is like infer
from the sort of thing
oh yeah it's like go go beyond the
textbook and like usual right yeah yeah
it's not like that Amy they just
literally test you on the facts really
yeah where I am that's what they pay me
that's my memory
yeah it's memory based for like some of
my modules right okay unlike some of the
questions in the thing will won't be
anything that's written down anywhere
unless notes but it's just something
they've flippantly said in lectures so
it's actually harder than it sounds
yeah and I don't have lecture cost I
didn't happen to type that sentence down
and I just don't get the mark and
they're like well you weren't paying
enough attention I think I think things
are gonna change there after like this
car in pandemic with with all
learning moved online at the moment
everything done remotely I think going
forwards loads of universities are
realizing how easy it is to just be
grateful so yeah someone kept saying
dream job I'm not sure I have a dream at
the moment thing I say what's a dream
job is it like what you realistically
want to be all is like I think it's like
doing like an amazing beautiful universe
they say he does my dream job obviously
it would not be realistic I can't sing
to save mine are in a parallel universe
and I could sing and dance and act I
would I'd be in musical theater no I
always wonder about singing is it
natural talent or do people learn it
I just thing like I just don't think I
ever get my voice to sing nice well you
aren't naturally gifted musics really
upset that's right how savage is this Oh
primary school so we were only very
young at the time used to have a very
special vocal group that all the girls
in this school wanted to be in and he
had to audition for it and then the
teacher would like pick the best singers
to be in this vocal group of ten girls
and it was so savage that you had to
deal with rejection at such a young age
I somehow I go in me and everyone else
who could cope I could have been really
bad I still they changed it in your year
and there was absolute outrage
although they didn't want to reject
people so they were like everyone gets
it all you know what there was a massive
scandal not in year five because we had
a new music teacher come in year five it
was all like normal you must be about
ten years old ten years old yeah many
years six when when I was 11 the teacher
auditioned us and then she like she was
quite a young new teacher that lovely
woman but I don't think it's the best
choice she ever made she was like right
everyone said you were all so good
can't today went away you're all in but
then people would like know that takes
away from I want to feel special I want
to be the only woman you know I was
wanted the boys like now outrageous
anyway she was like okay so put your
hands up and be like disagree with this
so like I put my hand up and almost like
most of the class and shot okay
then she released us for lunch really
strangely she decided Oh mmm Melissa you
can go yeah that's really really weird
anyway I don't think anything of it I
start there eating lunch but then the
rest of the others turn up and they're
all being a little bit weird
alright apparently she upsets them oh
well I can't have the people who liked
it the previous way not getting in so
you guys are all gonna be a vocal group
but don't tell the others anyway so all
go out round school obviously GUI like
11 year olds clearly can't keep secret
and everyone was kicking off and then um
the other teacher found out and she was
like oh my god that's terrible decision
okay right we are going to look at some
of these questions let's try and slow
them down was your year six production
we had different ones we're still
primary school great time favorite book
place sport favorite sport growing easy
and favorite book you know I haven't
read as much as I would have liked to
use readers all the time I used to be an
absolute bookworm I never even had old
books I could talk about her age no
Sophie Mackenzie I never used to read
anything until you'd read it and
recommend
because I knew you had like good taste
oh that was too lazy to do this to Bri
stuff and not like yeah don't do this to
me pretty hairy paws it's gonna be hard
for sure like basic classic you know
it's the second time we've talked about
Harry Potter
I forgot how good it was I I normally
like I reread the book so I just pick
them up and read extracts quite a lot
just when I'm bored and stuff but I
haven't rewatched movies in so long like
they were all scratched I actually had
to get my toothpaste out oh yeah I
looked up partly we've got scratched
some DVDs you use toothpaste okay says
how much spare to em I've got one
normally I just ordered new copies
I watched um last night this morning I
was like wow that's good huh really good
like well I think they're gonna remake
the Harry Potter's at some point page
disagrees yeah I disagree I don't think
they will
let's not get into this debate I said no
we've already had this debate today my
favorite place was the other one Oh
Cambridge how sad is that to say now I
feel so sad oh but someone asked future
plans Gallup the pandemic would be good
I don't know I'm gonna well I'm gonna
graduate
that's my immediate fan star except we
actually got another email today from
the university saying that we can either
graduate in absence this summer or we
can defer graduation and have a
graduation ceremony but if we graduate
in absence ie not well know at
university and not with the normal
ceremony then we can't go back again for
a graduation ceremony which is quite
tragic yeah it's not the best options is
it you think that try and really made
loans yeah but they have the thing is
they've said they're still gonna have a
celebration of people to come back to
who graduate in absence and a lot of us
are going to be forced to graduate in
absence anyway because people need to
start jobs employers
so I'm not sure how the like substitute
celebration in the future this is for on
the future that do you do any substitute
celebration I don't know how they'll be
different so you know in Cambridge
University I think it would be a pretty
good celebration then although one is to
get in that fluffy hooded gown and hold
my degree certificate is I think the
most important thing is that your
friends are there as well that's what
it's all about really yeah
what's to know yeah you a couple of
friends getting VI my dad can be the
yeah that's so true actually
I'm sure it's loads of you were in the
same situation as a law passed like my
whole cohort or missing out on that
university experience which is sad but
these things happen here's what it is
yeah how's Lydia been to Cambridge yeah
she's visited yeah you like it don't you
it's a nice lesson not bikes I'm most
very scared of getting by bike yeah you
get used to it okey-dokey how many hours
do you study each day depends on the
time of year yeah it's very different
for us yeah I should be doing more than
I am cuz my exams are in less than three
weeks yeah the thing is I don't I've
been in like recent days I've started
working late morning and then going like
all the way to past midnight and that's
really nice I was like I need to I was
doing quite well at the start of look
down and starting early and then having
the evenings free so I kinda need to
shift it back to that but I'm saying I'm
probably doing about 6 hours a day
I reckon focused which in the grand
scheme of things you know feeling myself
at the moment I think that's hopefully
will say even it was in the middle of
pandemic I'll be well impressed myself
it's only letter six hours for Stoker's
no I mean it's like eight hours in total
but like two hours you're kind of
procrastinate yeah and
six that wasn't me that's pretty good I
think it's also important I think it's
also important not to compare yourself
to others like by asking about how many
hours you study oh my god they're doing
more than me stress out because people
also have different definitions about
what they cannot do you know I sometimes
people say oh I've done 12 hours a day
and you're like but really like some of
that time shorty bit on your phone for
example yeah and also think that people
are like oh wow I stayed up all night
studying I might did you go does that
really help you like I often find like
people who do that like I was talking to
my friend at uni he does architecture
and there were so many people pulling
all-nighters I just don't wanna pull an
all-nighter and yeah and turned out in
the end the people who pulled
all-nighters got lower marks and people
who didn't I think it just suggested
people who didn't just kind of organize
that time bit beforehand we're not
calling out people who do all night I
mean do you do you I mean I have stayed
up quite late like til we're free and
before we she's probably just as bad
yeah I I stayed up until about two
o'clock in the morning the night before
my exams yeah because when you're that
saw recommend to a friend I think the
reason is those cuz when you're that
stressed I will just think to myself I
would do whatever it takes if I'm gonna
get irrational which is completely
irrational but yeah it does happen but
trying to avoid it mmm-hmm as did you
considered studying in Cambridge I think
it's more the case of would and she
likes UCL quite a lot I think you said I
was much more your scene than Cambridge
yeah I think a bridge is a bit much for
me I just I'm not about that sort of we
do lots of academic rigor do we fit I
think kay was just a very different
University experience it I wouldn't say
it's less fun I've loved it but it's
very different like it's fun if you your
social life is very different to other
you I think it's not lacking but it's
very different walks bridge is an
amazing experience from why I've seen it
from outside perspective but I think
today I just not for me I enjoy the
experiences I've had yeah people are
suited different things
Paige do you like turkeys the last
in the country or in fact I am playing
turkey in a game of diplomacy which I
wasn't going from back turkey used to be
called Lydia
in the olden days yeah I've told that
but my teacher in year five and everyone
started calling me turkey so it wasn't
great the country and me what's my
experience with overleaf someone asked
its what it's an online site which you
can use to write later ken what's later
it's a word processor is this like
shooting yeah I used I use latex for my
computing projects this year and I used
to I used overleaf and it was good I
enjoyed it and you know I don't really
have much more to say about it other
than it was very much easier for me to
put in all my equations cuz my reports
were literally part of equations it's
all math so I'd like to her belief a lot
I did come up with a lot of arrows so no
idea what was causing them but the
overall thing looked okay so very
pleased for you you know when it comes
to I should be well actually I've
improved a bit with coding skills this
year having done astrophysics but I'm
not the best when it comes to any sort
of computing coding do that I was
surprised when you were doing so much
coding cuz I didn't I don't know I just
thought you were doing physics and I
just a string physics is all simulations
and coding so much of it
you can't just like go to field trip to
the Sun one day I just got to go see
what's in the interior of that star and
bury my home like I have another hate
relationship with coding yeah I thought
it's always an error
I just never know what causes the error
and that's why donate any time I don't
have much patience is the problem that
either computer doesn't do what I'm
telling you to do or I guess I get grown
I know so many people have such great
coders like one of my friends Amazon
does all this coating all day and I'm
like couldn't do that like a light one
yeah my dog - that was my first stream
job when I was young I wanted to go into
like computer science and be like a
coder I know I had one lessons the GCSE
and I was like I got about that I hate
you yeah I really hate it okay don't
make me choose between Brian Cox and
Neil deGrasse Tyson I can't you I love
them both
what's my favorite astrophysics subject
I actually okay my favorite module this
year was my cosmology module except I
had no idea what was going on the whole
time
anything that's thinking wow this is
mind-blowing but there's so much of it
one but to be fair so many of my course
mates said the same that like that
reassured me that it wasn't just me it
just was really quite I have to think
some of the coolest stuff you study you
just don't understand because it's so
complicated which is why is taking so
long to be able to study it and it's
something yeah this is so cool but like
yeah yeah boom boom best me boom we've
never been to Jesus I have yeah I've
only ever been to Jesus Mabel for people
who don't know
Mabel's are big celebrations that we
normally have at the end of the academic
year after exams in Cambridge the very
fun and yeah I've been to Jesus Mabel
twice and I loved it I was supposed to
be going again this year but it's
obviously cancelled this year but I've
got tickets already for next year's
event so catch me there next year I'll
be back oh Jesus college party I'm
praying that goes ahead if next year
please do next year who is Lydia my
sister yeah yeah younger sister as we
all jobs pays the same wages what job
would you do probably like science
research
I feel I'd get very frustrated doing
science research because I if you have a
break for it's great but I feel like
yeah or that listening I I've been quite
inspired by a lot of my lecturers this
year because we've had quite a few like
taught people in the field like
lecturing us yeah uni and when they some
of them are spoken about doing their
research and then having like this
massive breakthrough in one day and I
say and these don't always happen you
know a lot of their time is spent like
trying things again trying things again
and then they have this massive
breakthrough and like that the euphoria
they experienced it must be like yeah
one of my lecturers was like they made
this big breakthrough on the 23rd of
December 2012 where I remember the date
cuz that's my birthday and they rushed
out of their office like so triumphant
but no one was there because it's
Christmas and it's a bit anticlimactic
but that does sound amazing yeah you
think I think research is so cool and I
wish I had the patience for yeah how
many languages do you speak
one I try to learn French this year you
know it is appalling I I think you know
us Brit should be learning more language
I think they shouldn't have them more
taught better at primary school right
step away yeah the others maybe yeah cuz
cause like what I've learned this year
is that your brains more ready to like
learn languages at a younger age is so
much harder to learn than when you get
to this age which just made me think why
am I sitting in a French class and
because clearly I don't stand a chance
yeah and I've struggled to try and make
it up as I do hopefully one day be able
to speak more languages someone said
what we miss the most from Cambridge at
the moment I'm missing my friends the
most it's just I think the thing I'm
missing about University is kind of the
independence and living with my friends
yeah I don't get me wrong I ask that you
love Camrys
and Jesus colleges it's become my home I
have I have so much laughs but like the
college community and all the like stuff
I got up to there and of course the
stuff I've been learning but just the
kind of student lifestyle yeah I think
it's a bit like living to nice because I
you have all of that that will
independence with your friends like if
you're talking to your parents it's just
on FaceTime for 20 minutes a day or so
and then you get back here and it's like
I mean I saw it take to all the other
takes like some guy driving home from
university then he gets into the door
just turns into a little boy because it
feels like you just come back to that
yeah oh yeah my childhood bedroom he's
nice to the back but yeah yeah I do yeah
but you know that will they'll be coming
to you in a New Hampshire if you could
choose a different course
well of course would you choose I'd want
to do you languages it was like I
thought yeah I say there's quite a lot
that um at school I wanted to do and I
say this after explaining we can speak
one like you can see it I haven't really
pursued that no I think yeah at school
I've told this before so I won't go into
again but I couldn't do two languages at
school I had to drop one and and then
with air levels I kind of went down
Sciences routine that kind of blocked
off languages but um yeah I still want
to be fluent in a language at some point
and my thinking was that you can become
well though I do I do know that studying
a language at university like is you
know it's a great course and like it
can't be really beneficial and you do
get to really understand it a deeper
level so I'm not knocking language
courses at all but I just feel like my
personal goals to become fluent in
language I wouldn't necessarily have to
study at university but I would I'd
quite intrigued to see what a day would
be like for a languages student at uni
yeah they think I would be interested
because I think the people I know who
were doing it was quite intense from day
one like it's really fluently spoke yeah
yeah I think if I wasn't doing today if
I wasn't taking I feel is really I think
they're really quiet tough to do
yeah wages people who are fluent in
languages don't get stars and a LeFort
yes that's what put me off because I
thought by doing French yeah I mean
Lydia has actually done a bit of French
alongside her human sciences stuff in
first year yeah
Osment to have my own speaking
assessment yesterday oh no two days ago
now I'm just thinking thank God that
didn't go ahead
I think cuz it was so much French
grammar right at degree double and I
didn't want to do French grammar I
wasn't I wanted to learn to speak the
language like I know you probably need
to know the grandmother speaker but I
was more dressed and just like pissing
like plunging into it plunging minute I
just think it was so like but all the
tests were like give to put the key in
and stuff and it just wasn't for me it
wasn't like it was a GCSE to say okay
cuz I said of course I was doing was
telling PGCC level I was kind of
retaking that kind of year then next
year the plan was to do the a-level kind
of level but it was just wasn't the same
as cheesy at cGCC was a lot easier yeah
Lydia would like ring me up sometime
exam it's like hey you two leave her
with Frank and I'm like midea I haven't
done Frank it was sick my French
homework until Wednesday morning and my
lesson was Wednesday afternoon and I'd
be so cool my mum as well shaped like
can you stop calling me in a panic about
your franchisors I don't speak like my
French teacher was so lovely and relaxed
like it turned up half an hour late once
and he was fine but I just feel that's
very nice too I mean it was because I
couldn't find the buildings I don't know
that was one time another time I was
half an hour late because couldn't print
off my coursework and I literally ran
around all of UCL cuz like the computers
were breaking down because you know what
it's like any uni nothing ever works
yeah I guess the class I'm completely
exhausted that breath you guys oh I
don't need a hard copy but I'd assume
that he did because like for the
previous a minute and who let you
absolutely have to have it in paper I
could not accept it or market you'll
just have an incomplete so I feel is
really important but it
being a component ghost song said you're
making YouTube channel no and that's no
but what happy made it I have made a
blog in my own boredom I decided you
know what go ahead and try and do
something with my life I think actually
I'm not now I say this I'm not sure if
I've linked it in the description of
this yeah if I haven't yet I will put it
in there straight after we've ended the
livestream so you can go check it out
you like so it's calm it's just me
talking about being sat around doing
nothing and what used to she talking
about like yeah your university
experiences life working a supermarket
yeah but she's doing a bit a supermarket
at the moment okay will you still be
posting on YouTube when you leave
Cambridge of course of course of course
of course if you adapt the content to
your life yeah you know like you guys
will definitely be like following me
whatever I do I'm sure I still be doing
some form of studying for the next
couple of years as well because like the
first years and jobs is often a lovely
trainings yeah right in exact yeses
should still be sad to study was the
only study content Gaea don't worry
it was your favorite video that you have
ever made probably one with my friends
from uni because they've really fun
tonight
look back on I like the bacon video I
don't watch my own videos bye dude like
a king
no you what are you were baking I think
it was IDI baking and I didn't turned
him I was cooking why we're making oh
well you enough yeah I was I was like um
a taste tester yeah I also like if it
doesn't more recent blog as well when
you were in the kitchen never go enjoy I
did I got criticized by everyone I just
I did a cooking video I think I enjoy
the mayhem yeah yeah so chaotic it's
kind of like a reality TV show it's a
little bit yeah to be honest I
just like editing videos like they're
real fun to make so I'm just asked to be
one at Cambridge which University would
you choose I suppose
Darwin don't know that's that was where
I was supposed to be going that was my
insurance choice if I didn't get into
Cambridge I'm from what I've heard about
it it seems a nice uni but I don't I
don't know enough about I'd be really
intrigued to go study for a garrison
Andrews in Scotland just on the basis it
to me from an outside perspective look
here and real I couldn't think of
anything worse and being the top of the
country and stuff like that but everyone
I know that everybody to expand it raves
about it and they love it I know but I
don't my friend though again it's one of
those places which is like a little bit
a bubble
yeah a bubble and I'd love to experience
that just to see like what it's like so
I think that'd be like the polar
opposite of what I'm doing in London
like if I do a year abroad which I'll
have the option to the year after this
year I want to go to like a quiet sort
of university just getting that sort of
experience yeah no actually I've got a
question for you guys have any of you
graduated recently because I am
terrified about leaving University like
absolutely terrified cuz I'm just like
I'm so used to like being student and
life at University yeah see I can't
imagine no there not being a student
because like that's what we've always
been no I did yeah it's something like
change for me my yeah I expect it to be
so sudden see well I always remember
thinking it's when I was in about year
six I remember sitting there wondering
going hold on a second
even though I'm leaving this school I've
got to do five years at another school
two years at college and I'm a free four
years at you know I'm gonna be an
education forever yeah and it goes so
quickly yeah yeah actually yeah I think
if I've learned anything it's like made
the most of like things while there yeah
cuz it's so much fun I had great time in
high school I'd loved being a college as
well
yeah College is great fun that was kind
of really I'd like step i've actually
surprised quite a lot people in this
country like further up north don't have
colleges there just a high school for
seven years
yeah i'm yeah a lot of people i spoken
to stayed as a sales
like between GCSEs and a-levels and like
they don't change school for the whole
of their secondary education so you sure
must be really attached to like that's
cool yeah I think I've pretty be ready
to leave that tree I think definitely
when it went like when I was leaving
school I was ready to leave school
yeah well Steve in college I was ready
to leave cause now I'm leaving
University I'm not ready to leave
University I feel like I'm really like
this is what you love University this is
like that I think I felt a bit
differently towards collisions yeah
leaving my school I remember finding
quite funny on the final assembly we had
there are people in the room sobbing and
these for all the people who hated
school the whole way through but the
thought of leaving for them is pretty
much all Neverland I'd kind of quite
night and I was like yeah dumb of that
ready to move on to conditionally great
summer college and now I'm at uni I
hopefully I get to be yeah I think we're
just going to leave in like lean in to
change yeah is now your mindset I'm
adopting I kind of think this is gonna
be the story I tell my growing it's yeah
we're gonna all have our lockdown
stories yeah I won't people make mine
they're bored you'll be going to to the
world I had to stay inside for hell that
many more yes yeah you get to play that
card
yeah kind of connect someone just said
is it easy what did they say easy to be
famous as a youtuber like you asking me
like be not Greenock I didn't make the B
NOC list this year
that I am no longer a big name on campus
apparently you're not actually yeah
jokes and everyone because no one's on
campus have the biggest name favorite
song genre mainstream
I just listened to the charts and music
whose page never brunch at Cambridge
again or never have toasties for lunch
again I don't think you have a toastie
machine at home I haven't had a toastie
since you know I wanted in my cupboard
in my I think I left mine you know I had
one twice dear the beginning of the year
don't mean anything down properly so I
wouldn't really want to use it and also
brunch at Cambridge I loved that brunch
in first year that I was really
enthusiastic about it in second year
really quite liked it still third year I
was completely branched out I went to
brunch so many times I I start you know
when you get sick of something after
you've had it so many times yeah I
thought you still loved it I just have
memories in my head of like trying to
call you when I started I mean but you
know Rondo's oh no I still went most
weeks well to be fair I had it was a bit
difficult this year because I had
lectures on a Saturday I still went as
much as I could and it was more for like
the social side of things rather than
the food because it was a little bit
greasy but I think yeah I'd say I've
never had a toast you again and get to
go to brunch at Cambridge again because
it's a social science thing you know I
think that's the biggest thing about EC
at University it's like such a social
event like yeah that'd be like when I
got home I'd go sit down have dinner
with my flat yes big part of my day it
was weird yeah like we all I always went
to dinner it's quite lonely I think but
you're not on your own all day like you
see people all day but you're not with
like at school you'll live a group of
your friends and yeah all day and you
kind of had that but at university you
have so much more like going to
different lectures yeah yeah I'd like to
come back at the end of the day and sit
down with my friends yeah it was pretty
nice
you kind of need that I think yeah I
found it University like the main things
I'd be doing all the time would be
studying by myself or seeing
intellectual whatever socializing with
friends
wasn't that be like over food or
whatever or just in the evenings playing
card games or sleeping and like I'd
always be doing one of those three
things
watching University I feel like students
don't sleep at about maybe sacrifice a
bit but like the lifestyle ed was like
so
hence I didn't really have much time
just for relaxing by myself yeah I
always found it stressful to have like
at university to have a day free of
nothing to do because I think what would
I do like at home like obviously I have
to be aware of that now like I can just
watch Netflix I'll play my guitar bake
but I'd always find it really weird
having a day free you know I think it's
because as well I was in uni
accommodation I had my room in the
kitchen yeah I didn't have like a lounge
space yeah I think I hope you'll be
different next year when I was like got
like a flat or a house with my friend
yeah I never felt as relaxed just have a
day of nothing yeah I felt weird about
it yeah I think that's why it's so weird
now like we've gone from one extreme to
the other
yeah like somewhat an adjustment go from
like that fast-paced that star to
everyone like indoors all day so I'm
such a person who loves to do things as
well like even like I've never like I
would have wore myself I could never
stay at home and just not leave the
house or dad always go for a walk or
something even when I studying just
slides getting ours yeah I was always
been Porsche Macan selects so it's all
good yeah we do okay okay if you were
going into your first year at uni in
September in light of the pandemic would
you consider trying to defer your offer
until next year or go ahead as planned
no I had this conversation today where
really I was supports the outcome well
recap for us I'll recap for you I will
assume I did the shopping but I shopped
where I were could that make sense so
obviously I know people in there and the
girl on the checkout she served me I
went to college with and she's taking a
gap year which is just kind of been
walking and chilling out and stuff and
she's meant to be going to university in
September but her kind of dilemma is
it's just she doesn't want to have
waited a year to be online and not have
a probably freshers week and stuff but
at the same time she's bored there she
then takes another year out she's put
herself another year behind she doesn't
want to go and being so much older yeah
and everyone else and she just kind of
feels it might not be the same and I
think I kind of said to her like do
whatever is gonna make you like happy
like there are student yeah I've taken a
couple of years out so I wouldn't worry
too much about that I think if she wants
to take another year out I'd make some
plans
I'm trying if you can like maybe try to
do some traveling at the end of next
year before you go to university but
then she would say how she'd consider
doing a year abroad or placement year
while at uni I said if you're gonna do
that I'd get going because that's just
gonna keep yeah yes I think before I
started uni I a gap year was never
really on the table for me because I was
so scared about being behind everyone
else
yeah but then when I arrived at uni and
I met so many people who are taking gap
years I realized actually it's not like
a race and everyone goes it like that
own pace through life and like you don't
have to be reaching certain goal person
in your life like at the same time as
others so I'm I'm not totally not going
to taking gap years it's so difficult
with the pandemic going on there and
it's so sad it does take away from the
university experience your first week
isn't going to be the same this year but
at the same time like you can't have
swinging you can't have all have a whole
cohort like defer yeah is that it just
wouldn't work at everyone preferred so
it's such like this week isn't
everything like for me that wasn't the
peak that's likes penis I didn't enjoy
it that much I just found it a bit
strange like I like to get to know
people yeah and I feel like I'm quite
eccentric around my friends and people I
know really well but like first week the
first night I was out I was oh I don't
know anyone yeah I don't kind of felt
really strange and like when it got
really good for me like going out of uni
is when I was with my friends yeah and
for me like I enjoyed that more than
first all I was looking forward to
freshers week Bishop it's awful it's
gonna be great I'm gonna believe all my
friends and you're gonna do the same
thing again but like we all know each
other yeah so I'd say like freshers week
in first year it's good but I own yeah I
don't think it's you know I would say it
was a reason is to not going to uni I
think you I mean just have your own
fresh this week whenever when there's
whole things over just yeah we go out
every day yeah please yeah I think it
will be different a different learning
experience I think for the people it's
gonna be the hardest for with all this
remote learning if it's all continues
like online anything is like Sciences
students who need labs
yeah because perhaps
any degree which requires you learning
practical skills it's really hard to get
that one yeah I think a lot of lecturers
are quite like stress right now look I
hope like some friends my parents who
lecturers knows just saying like how
will we meant to make this yeah it's
it's so my lectures are kind of quite
easy yeah called them but other stuff is
more personal yeah
hopefully the Uni is like figure out a
plan in the next few months cuz they're
already all on it now and they're all
thinking about it yeah I'm trying to
stress about too much well I don't
really know what's gonna happen tomorrow
with this whole crisis the moment so
just wait and see
yeah we can't worry about what we can't
control yeah you know a lot of my
friends are going back to uni next year
and I'm sure they'd rather it will be
you know everyone able to go back and
live together in the university and have
it as nice as possible but you know
obviously it's character development you
know situation resilience keep going and
yes cope the best yeah yeah yeah
definitely
okie dokie what was your main plan in
life right now I wished I have I mean my
plans kind of consistent I am going to
address like future plans in a future
video just not not quite yeah they need
to spread out what you want to do as
well definitely yeah and do you know
what you can start things and then
change course like five years down the
line ten years down the line I served a
customer the other day he was telling me
how she did a medicine degree and then
she got to the end of it and just
thought not for me yeah and then she
went back and did a nother degree and I
think like Social Care or something and
she absolutely loves her gymnastics she
has no regrets whatsoever like yeah I
feel like you can never really predict
where life is gonna take you do you know
I mean I never seen you know in human
sciences yeah we're we're 1921 I bet you
like when we're 40 we'll be doing
something that we just haven't didn't
expect yeah I didn't even think about it
it's so hard to know like I remember
like in get 9 I think when I had to opt
for my GCSEs my science teacher told me
not to take
poor science because she told me I'd
hated it which was a fair enough for him
because like I wasn't as totally what
state trooper ScienceDaily they were
like unless you love science at the time
I didn't really they were like oh don't
take it I think I really hate it yeah I
think I don't know what changed but I
began to kind of enjoy it more yeah I
sat next to someone who loved biology I
think it kind of rubbed off on me and
then I decided lost but such - I love
that and then just go with the flow you
guys you know do what seems best at the
time and hopefully you'll end up doing
something you love I could ask the best
advice anyone can give like yeah do what
you enjoy and if you keep doing that you
should end up on the road Buffy agreed
absolutely agreed favorite series TV
series okay
I haven't actually watched much Netflix
in yes because do you know when when
I've been at you Nia just been
socializing whole time as I said oh yeah
and at home and you'd think while the
look down might have been watching loads
of Netflix but I just haven't but let's
go like back to when I did watch Netflix
Gilmore Girls so your favorite series
you come over say like friends is a
classic you know I think friends is a
serious that I've watched the most
I don't you've been watching a little
gooey like you see I have a bit of a
guilty pleasure I haven't mostly really
since it was like out right back in the
day and they've just put it on Netflix
and I suddenly thought I've never
watched it all the way through
I think the first three seasons of Glee
most addictive thing I've watched in my
life I think I've never shipped a couple
more on my ship to claim I normally like
I like couples and TV shows but I care
that much but unless you're invested I'm
so invested but I think yeah I do love
Glee it's probably not I think because
of the favorite series this is this is a
hard question for Lydia because she's
watched a lot of TV I just don't feel
like it be fair for me
I don't know I love so many serious of
different reasons
I do love Gilmore Girls it is a classic
you watch a lot of Doctor Who don't you
I don't anymore
I didn't I think I stopped watching it
like quite a few years ago now I loved
the old doctor but that David Tennant
Matt Smith was great I think for me the
storyline has got a bit too big like I
preferred it when it was like small and
stuff which sounds done right but I feel
like when the whole worlds like falling
to pieces some bit of me oh you're
obviously not gonna end but I liked it
like a small sort of energy source yeah
and something dramatic or like a planet
or whatever yeah watch that back in the
day I don't know about my favorite
series cuz I love ratatouille can I
suggest one oh I do you like reality TV
is trash bears it's addictive good yeah
I like Miranda I rewatched that over
Chris well here's a lot of cabins Daisy
you show what's the first episode I just
say about that that is such classic
fresh TV that I wouldn't say it's the
best thing ever like storyline ways
because I James Corden says himself like
nothing happens and that's what's so
great about yeah that's what makes it
great James Corden is great actually
people say to America know I love it I
think it's great I think there is
someone else lost Moran - hell yeah
okie-dokie the crown I haven't seen that
I want to I watched the first five
minutes and then I got distracted and
went back to it okay all right any
advice for physics now ski or for
holders and help prepare for Cambridge
physics any good online textbooks
did you do any prep before you know I
didn't know I suppose it's a bit
different now because people I guess on
if people are a loose end you know and
you fancy doing some stuff I don't feel
obliged to prepare for Union any means
if you look at something to you then
sure one of my friends is doing med next
year at Cardiff and she's been doing so
much like and asking me stuff she's
doing what I do and I'm like studying
that this year I think it's handy to get
a head start I don't necessarily I think
as well if you go to came
next you can have quite an intense
experience I think oh yeah I've
witnessed in the break towns there's
gonna be quite interesting tents so I
say relax a little bit maybe doing a
little bit appreciated but don't think
oh I've got to do you know free our stay
just do a couple of hours each week if
you like and just get it up an idea and
then just turn up the greed yeah asked
for textbooks I can't I cannot remember
what I was doing in first year that was
a long time ago and I can't remember
what I think there's like recommended
freedom like yeah that's what's just
about saying the go on the website and
those and also try and get in touch with
the Cambridge first year because it will
be fresh in their mind as to what
they're studying or what they're
currently using and how can you get in
touch with them you're probably
wondering um ask your college maybe they
can put you in touch I don't know yeah
like Kyle Coolidge we have someone who
puts in touch very like guineas yes
where we wanted to apply you know as you
knees are normally quite good with
putting you in touch with people who are
like one year ahead of you tonight
totally I met the person who gave me
advice which I thought was so strange
really because it was someone who went
to our College who gave me advice on UCL
and I didn't think and then I was I
where I work I was just talking to
someone who went to UCL and she did lost
is awful a strange and I found out her
name but I was like I just like it all
clearly together and I asked some when
she went to the cushion which they said
close-up oh my good it's the same person
but then I never saw her again and she
went back to Union has a bit back that
work since I never got to tell her
thanks for the email because we kind of
swing my decision and we decide to go to
UCL so yeah crazy okay favorite ball
game yes my my friends and I play lots
of lots of card games lots of board
games in the evenings I so I'm not so
keen on oh I thought I wasn't so keen on
strategic board games with this new Kay
good I've got so invested in this online
diplomacy going recently which is
strategic but also like
about interacting with people and like
making alliances betrayals and whatnot
and I've got very invested in that I
didn't think I was gonna like it so much
but but I actually really like a game
called mysterion that's what I like it's
kind of Cluedo a skits who killed this
person and they're a ghost and it's not
like everyone against each other
everyone works as a team to solve the
mystery bit different and it's like
making interpretations from cards and
it's it's so much fun yes my favorite
game is actually not technically a book
in Skagen but did I teach you this last
summer like - Sophie I just not actually
called Tuesday and let me think the
backstory is I went to Vietnam last year
with my friend and this is a game its
massive out there and everyone plays it
they all play money which we'll see how
I'm definitely doing because I would
have lost it but it's really addictive
and we played it like all day long and I
really enjoyed it it was very tactical I
liked tactical I don't like card games
where is lots of chance always it's
always a bit of chance but like you know
what you know I think I've gone off like
games with too much like strategy in it
I think it's because I'm playing against
all my friends that you need very really
good they're just pretty good at board
games and card games they're really good
at them and I get so competitive I don't
like losing things I'm told I'm so
competitive my best friend won't play
Monopoly with me and I don't think I'm
that bad but I think the bernam is
because we've been so competitive of
each other was growing up yeah people
try and play me at ball game and I'm
like oh I'm gonna win and then I always
take a bit of fun okay what's point I
take things even with that you know all
these quarantine courses at the moment
am i right I'm gonna win this one at the
end of like right but on my points did I
be here everyone else is like oh we did
the quiz for fine who cares about points
I'm like okay yeah I care enough isn't
clear low voice why were we doing it
maybe I should be less competitive yeah
we're weird self-growth yeah we're
working on it
any travel plans for after quarantine
haven't really thought that far you
thinking about doing like volunteering
yeah so if this pandemic hadn't happened
I was planning on going and volunteering
abroad this summer and I had like the
application in and whatnot but that
always hadn't gone ahead but I'd like to
do some volunteering at some point I
never saw that be here in a fun thing to
do with like just go see some more
countries because I think we've seen a
lot of Europe we've been to America yeah
we've we've been lucky to go on like
family holidays growing up and these are
if I have like gone off and like my
biggest weeks last year which is the
most adventurous
I was quite surprised at myself yeah my
word yeah I want to see like more of the
blood like one of the things I've been
doing to pass the time Ibis is really
sad this I've been like doing that thing
where you name all the countries of the
world because I myself he's always been
shocking and I'm slowly getting better
and I kind of miss penrose I want to go
all these places I want to go to Africa
I want to go to Australia I want see it
yeah that's nice
that's not panic because we are you know
plenty of time so next wife's I choose
Jesus College I had a tour of it and I
liked it and the admissions tutor was
leading a summer school I went on so I
hoped they would remember me give a
presentation at my school didn't you I
did give up and some and I remember them
saying huh that was good page and like I
was like quite quiet at that point I
think I've probably quiet quiet he's so
very quiet sometimes people don't expect
me to be that confident at presenting
because I can be a bit more reserved but
we're lucky because we did a lot of
drama growing up like we had a a teacher
or primary school just everyone did it
so we just that was the only reason we
did it you just have a lisp so that's
sort now yeah we do recited poetry and
like excerpts from books yeah but it was
good because we can both quite
confidently stand up and speak in front
of you yeah because I don't have a
presentation this year in my class of
people although you didn't say um once
nice I I didn't
because I've had to been forced in that
so many times yeah have a little bit of
how did you adjust to university did it
take a long time that's why for you
video yes it did yes quite an adjustment
I think it's cuz I was very happy here I
mean maybe at some point I do a blog
post on I did dropped something I think
it's definitely quite common for people
to like take a bit your time to settle
at university I mean it out but I'm glad
that I didn't now but at the time I was
being key I've made the complete choice
but things did work out yeah I think a
lot of people there's a lot of
misconception you get to university and
it's all great because I don't think is
I I absolutely agree as for me I was
really lucky that I took to university
really quickly and I probably I mean I'm
sure my vlogs kind of come across as me
like really loving University at first
and I did but I don't think that should
put pressure on other people to
completely out of university straight
away but this don't feel bad about not
going there and thinking this is perfect
because so many people struggle to see I
think it's quite unlikely you're gonna
move in with having many new people and
they're all gonna be your friends for
life yeah like yeah I'm not living with
anyone who lives in my drunk flat next
you know I've got some friends that
obviously I've met some great people but
people who I'm living with next year
people like Matt oh yes yeah I mean
you're loving uni now I love it
absolutely loves it I feel like I'm very
much like that like I've always hate a
new environment
I get very comfortable in any
environment I'm in like save yeah
College I didn't read us bethey and I
loved it high school but if he loved it
like the same with uni it just takes
just like taking some time yeah have
patience I think it's good because if
you have character building is the
traitor building again it's great okay
[Music]
which subject you hate most do you hate
the most
I don't hate any subject all subjects a
great wish object to we'd like not take
real world I'd be an expert in every
subject
yeah I didn't want I hated history at
school you know I hated school loved it
college credit the only because I didn't
write in the GCSE and my teacher was
such like the way he taught it made me
like it I didn't think that was possible
hmm not enough to do the degree but I
did like [ __ ] I think for me geography I
didn't I just didn't get it now I feel
like I look back a pager secondary
school and I think actually you should
have given these subjects more of a
tolerance and I think now I've had time
to grow up a bit I'm like oh okay that
there are quite interesting areas that I
definitely should educate myself in but
I just didn't have an appreciation for
them at the time I say hate the most
oh I was terrible not yet I didn't hate
oh we're not autistic Lee talented you
should have seen some of my recent
drawings I stick to stickman no I admire
anyone who can do well I couldn't do up
I look back at my like time at school
and I think how did I get away with it
like me and my friend used to go into
art lessons and we'd paint a piece of
paper black and I'm thinking imagine if
someone came to a map session and just
like shaved in their paper and did
nothing I'd be in trouble how do I get
away but I think the artists just
accepted that wasn't for us yeah leave
them to it and you know what I got moved
on my loss I was like quite a good child
but I got told off my last lesson
playing pictionary - dad Lee got another
table I thought how ironic the one
lesson that I actually did not a child
someone said do you have any
organization tips I'm the least
organized person ever yeah Lydia's kind
of a bit chaotic at times yeah like but
my notes being here just like new Apple
notes and
if I ever need to like find something I
usually just go to the loo but and I
think it's great and it's all on my
phone I don't know how we ended up like
so polar opposite in this way because
why are you all so disorganized I'm like
I get stressed out if I'm not properly
organized like I care about my diary
around everywhere I have like notes of
like important dates everywhere people
always come to me with Oh what was that
work who was that
Oh what date are we doing this so it's
always me I'm the organized person maybe
normally find it in email but no day
yeah always sometimes lecturers might be
like oh this is a day for this I always
write down I feel I always get a little
bit of the feeling when I've double
booked myself like I wish I had a proper
feeling about this evening about doing
this live stream because I favor Saints
first night 8:00 yeah you go COO your
friends see don't you yeah I think their
chat it was really bothering me because
I was like is it the first day night I
feel like there's something else going
on and I didn't realize until like I've
know though we're gonna do the crap for
the NHS that was what was bothering me I
knew that you lose track of the days at
the moment you're just kind of Marge's I
think it keeps me sane going into work
because I know I have to do the day yeah
your organization tips don't be like me
yeah I've made a whole video with
organization tips I think and yeah just
my main thing is write everything down
because you know you think your memory
is gonna be great then if you just push
my knife for one day you realize it's
not that great yeah and like sad bit of
sign if you set like a side twenty
minutes each day for admin then I'll
give you that one minutes for an episode
of friends on that it's great so I'll
see what my future plans are again you
tell me I'm gonna I'm gonna graduate and
then see what happens um shall we just
talk quickly about um give me contact
with friends on lockdown
since that's what you're going to be
doing nice this evening I mean yeah my
friends are on a call at moment I have
like different groups from like my flat
I have my course mates I think it's so
important to like get on phone calls and
video calls especially to friends family
members you're not sitting at the moment
yeah I mean now you can upgrade yeah
yeah I think now more than ever social
media I think it's actually quite
important because for so long people
have been buying what about like all the
social media isn't resocialize thing I
think this is showing that it is like I
feel like I actually talked to my
friends more yeah like his final time in
my own we're just paying games or do you
have to take the time to talk to one
another and catch up with them yeah I
think it's really good but yeah
obviously I do miss yeah I'm really glad
this has happened now and not 20 years
ago know that I was in like 20 years ago
we don't worried about that it's great
yeah yeah we are lucky in this online
age yeah okay oh my god we've been going
for 69 minutes
oh you're wearing a dysphoria I mean
should we take a couple more questions
and then we'll sign off so getting your
questions now and we'll pick a couple
any study apps
I mean I've spoken about this bit on my
Instagram that I use forest which locks
me out my phone while I study does
actually well no but you you grow a tree
and if you go on your phone while you're
studying you you kill the tree oh so
there's an incentive not to god
obviously I was just used to I'm a bit
lazy I just when I a laws I put my phone
in a different room in the house that
doesn't work to me though I just go and
get the phone also you can like blog
websites on your computer you're very
good I might you'd like my worst habit
when studying it's like going on my
phone like checking Facebook yeah I mean
there are any real study app I have on
my phone is a you see I'll go she
deleted that because it didn't work very
well and everyone was like check your
timetables I don't have the app nobody
you serious yeah people who stay on the
group chat
they're going so I just like the
organization not me talking you forest
actually I've recently set up a discord
it's not the son of her kind of its kind
of building a bit of a study community
and at least the very kind viewers of
mine helped me set it up and I helped
him run it and that's actually really
nice really nice and it's really I like
it because it's kind of a whole we're
all in this together a more kind of
studying at the moment together and
basically people are coordinating making
study rooms on the app forest via this
discord server and planting you can make
study rooms and study alongside each
other which is cute and and you can also
study alongside me and my live streams
did I do computer before uni no I didn't
I wish I had cuz I think it gives quite
a big head start this year we had
computer projects and I felt like I was
at a massive disadvantage because I know
a lot people would have done it because
it was quite a common sense
computing experience before be fair it
was on me for not having oh people don't
have to join forest you say that how do
we join for us you download the app on
the App Store and yeah what I do in the
description after this life is put an
issue study room I put a link to I'll
put in my forest username so you can add
me on for us and you can see what trees
I'm growing as well and I can see what
trees you're growing and I'll also put a
link to the discord server if he wants
join the little study community and yeah
I'll do that
okay role models
oh you know what
Stacy Sullivan right he knows to grab
stories recently she is like the most
productive busting lockdown I have ever
seen in my life
really honestly better than the rest of
us if she does she makes stuff she has
like a junk book she makes stuff she
like entertains the family she cooks
overnight even when she cooks she's like
more productive than I am like she makes
food and shame and stuff watch her and
I'm like wow I wish I could be like you
like everything has a book like the
coffee is not in the coffee pot it's in
Mike yeah another thing liquid coffee
and I was like right now role model for
lockdown that's who I that's actually do
you ever wonder day like so to me here
is filled with all this kind of
productive stuff at the moment and do
you ever wonder like how much of that is
like completely real like I know I know
it paints this picture of her having the
perfect lifestyle but so much you have
to think I actually like it's never
people's attention to give that
impression
normally but sometimes it might just be
I think that way it is but I think for
her like she's thinking about how like
she does it because she enjoys it and
she can't sit around doing nothing I
don't have the same problem like sitting
around doing nothing is fine with my
feet when I'm sitting around I'm lying
in bed at two o'clock in the afternoon
watching her Instagram store I'm like
wow that should be me right now yeah
yeah I like that I like that stasis sort
of dual role model I don't know if I
have one girls guys I'm sorry at this
point my mom that's a cliche answer
parents are pretty cool okay and thank
you so much for joining us yes so long
you know we've had had fun I'm a bit of
a challenge
yeah I think the reason it's been sold
on this is we yeah it's nice to be
talking to you guys rather than just
each other for a change
I think plan is that we're going to do
last year's quite regularly over the
next few months elite we'll do a bit of
a chatty thing like this um so we could
do some GCSE questions add the idea of a
certain
take some GCSE questions which are likes
16 year old school age question like
exam question you might realize yeah be
quite funny you guys can try and help us
Lydia wants to cut my hair live but I
don't know why you yeah we were I was
saying to Paige earlier last time we
didn't live streams eight months ago I
looked at like the little picture and
all her myself up here it's just so sure
I heard it's quite long enough and
pasted that was the last time she had a
haircut yeah it's awful I was due a
haircut and now we're on lockdown
I know it's like quite the love's door
opens right now but honestly I'm worried
about all the split ends I'm gonna have
to give it a trim myself and it's gonna
be wonky
you know it may be entertainment you
guys watch if I cut pages but anyway if
you do want to see anything in
particular on live streams be sure to
leave it in the comments which I'll make
sure it turned on once this video is
done don't leave it in the live stream
Jax I probably was here but in the
comments I've dubbed this live streams
finished yeah I'm gonna link Lydia's
blog in the description so go check that
our board you know if you're looking for
something to read
she's quite a good writer I can't write
to save my life but Lydia here write
decently and yeah and as I said earlier
the live stream study with meas will be
continuing I'm doing one tomorrow
morning because I need to get myself out
of bed and going tomorrow morning
haven't confirmed the time yet but I
will put out on instagram my instagram
is act underscore page underscore Y if
you want to keep up with that cuz that's
normally where I put on about live
streams so just head on over there if
you want to find out when I'm doing a
study with me and I will do I think I'm
gonna take a break over the weekend
because you know it's the weekend I will
still be studying I won't be
live-streaming and then Monday I'll do
live studies news probably every day of
the week we do not study okay yeah so
that is it from us thank you for tuning
in guys
um yeah stay safe everyone yeah and see
you next week yeah